update config defaults, add docs (#15302)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/agent/config/config-files.mdx

    in `-dev` mode. The `grpc` port currently supports either plaintext or TLS traffic for
    backwards-compatibility, but TLS support is deprecated and will be removed in a future
    release. Refer to `grpc_tls` for more information on configuring a TLS-enabled port.

>   - `grpc_tls` ((#grpc_tls_port)) - The gRPC API with TLS connections, -1 to disable. gRPC_TLS is enable by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `grpc_tls` ((#grpc_tls_port)) - The gRPC API with TLS connections, -1 to disable. gRPC_TLS is enabled by default on port 8503 for Consul servers.
```
